# ISAD251_mjoseph
ISAD251 Coursework
Link to Youtube Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEgjhprEq1s

Application FactSheet: 
The website consists of four pages. The main page is the largest and contains the about section, the dynamically read menu and the contact us section. On the main page there is a navbar, which contains links to these sections, these links can be used from anywhere in the website to return to the homepage. At the top of the homepage, there is an order button, this button when clicked brings up a modal. The modal holds two buttons, these buttons link to two different pages, one is for the customer and the other is for the administrator. In the customer page, there are three seperate cards, these cards each provide different functionality. The first card is used to make an order, in order to make an order you are required to select the table number of the table which you are seated at. As well as this you must also select the product you would like to order,once these two options are selected, you can click the button and your order will be placed. There is a notification given at the bottom of the page when you have made an order; this contains the order id, you can use this id, to use the functionality at the other two cards. To view the order, you simply have to enter in the order number. After entering the order number and clicking the view button, the products you have ordered will be displayed. When these products are displayed, there is a delete button that is shown beside each product, if you click this, you will be able to delete that product from your order.The final card on the page,allows the user to add a product to their existing order, by entering in their order id, selecting the product they would like to add to the order and click the add button.  The functionality for the administrator includes adding a new product, removing a product, viewing exising orders and editing product information.
